README.md, before:

# Become a Software Professional
## Week 2
### Landing page recreation
This week's problem consists of creating an HTML document that has the same content as the Landing Page of the screenflow made previously, using the desktop version, and adding all the content (title, subtitles, date, text, images, links, etc.) regarding the semantic elements of HTML and saving the progress in a public Github repository.

## Week 3
### Adding styles for the Landing Page
This week we have to give styles to the HTML created before.

## Week 4
### Adding styles for the Landing Page using Flexbox
This week we have to replicate the same landing page but using flexbox to make it responsive.

Be able to see the design of the landing by following this link: https://carvigil.github.io/BaSP-M2022-Etapa-1/Semana-04/index.html

## Week 5
### Working with JavaScript
This week we must solve the JavaScript exercises, applying the concepts learned from the async material.  
https://carvigil.github.io/BaSP-M2022-Etapa-1/Semana-05/index.html

## Week 6
### Adding behaviour to the site
This week we have to create Sign up and Login form and validate both whit JavaScript  
https://carvigil.github.io/BaSP-M2022-Etapa-1/Semana-06/views/index.html

## Week 7
### JavaScript Async y Storage
This week we have to use requests with fetch, validate form with async javascript and localStorage  
https://carvigil.github.io/BaSP-M2022-Etapa-1/Semana-07/views/index.html

## AUTHOR
:woman_technologist: Carla Daiana Vigil  
:octocat: https://github.com/CarVigil/

## Technologies used at the moment
- HTML
- CSS
- JavaScript

Commit message:

BaSP-W07-2022: README.md updated with more info - week 7

README.md, after:

# Become a Software Professional
## Week 2
### Landing page recreation
This week's problem consists of creating an HTML document that has the same content as the Landing Page of the screenflow made previously, using the desktop version, and adding all the content (title, subtitles, date, text, images, links, etc.) regarding the semantic elements of HTML and saving the progress in a public Github repository.

## Week 3
### Adding styles for the Landing Page
This week we have to give styles to the HTML created before.

## Week 4
### Adding styles for the Landing Page using Flexbox
This week we have to replicate the same landing page but using flexbox to make it responsive.

Be able to see the design of the landing by following this link: https://carvigil.github.io/BaSP-M2022-Etapa-1/Semana-04/index.html

## Week 5
### Working with JavaScript
This week we must solve the JavaScript exercises, applying the concepts learned from the async material.  
https://carvigil.github.io/BaSP-M2022-Etapa-1/Semana-05/index.html

## Week 6
### Adding behaviour to the site
This week we have to create Sign up and Login form and validate both whit JavaScript  
https://carvigil.github.io/BaSP-M2022-Etapa-1/Semana-06/views/index.html

## Week 7
### JavaScript Async y Storage
In this problem we continue to work on what we developed in the previous one.
In each form (login and sign up) we must make an HTTP request using the Javascript Fetch method, sending all the data loaded in the form. In the registration form we must save all the information written in the form in the browser using "localStorage" so that when reloading the site the data is automatically loaded in the form  
https://carvigil.github.io/BaSP-M2022-Etapa-1/Semana-07/views/index.html

## AUTHOR
:woman_technologist: Carla Daiana Vigil  
:octocat: https://github.com/CarVigil/

## Technologies used at the moment
- HTML
- CSS
- JavaScript
